Adding new doc for TeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy (#7448)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Rtc.Management.Hosted.dll-help.xml
Module Name: Skype for Business Online
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csteamsnetworkroamingpolicy
applicable: Skype for Business Online
title: New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy
author: TristanChen-msft
ms.author: jiaych
ms.reviewer: 
manager: mreddy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy

## SYNOPSIS

> New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy allows IT Admins to create policies for Network Roaming and Bandwidth Control experiences in Microsoft Teams 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy allows IT Admins to create policies for Network Roaming and Bandwidth Control experiences in Microsoft Teams.
```

## SYNTAX

```

> New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy [-Tenant <System.Guid>] [-Identity <XdsIdentity>] [-AllowIPVideo <Boolean>] [-MediaBitRateKb <Integer>] [-Description <String>] [-LocalStore] [<CommonParameters>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy [-Tenant <System.Guid>] [-Identity <XdsIdentity>] [-AllowIPVideo <Boolean>] [-MediaBitRateKb <Integer>] [-Description <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

Reviewer: LocalStore seems to be not available in this cmdlet.

```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates new Teams Network Roaming Policies configured for use in your organization.

The TeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy cmdlets enable administrators to provide specific settings from the TeamsMeetingPolicy to be rendered dynamically based upon the location of the Teams client.  The TeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy cannot be granted to a user but instead can be assigned to a network site.  The settings from the TeamsMeetingPolicy included are AllowIPVideo and MediaBitRateKb. When a Teams client is connected to a network site where a CsTeamRoamingPolicy is assigned, these two settings from the TeamsRoamingPolicy will be used instead of the settings from the TeamsMeetingPolicy.   

> More on impact of bit rate setting on bandwidth can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/prepare-network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More on the impact of bit rate setting on bandwidth can be found [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/prepare-network).
```

## EXAMPLES

###-------------------------- Example 1 --------------------------
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy -Identity "RedmondRoaming" -AllowIPVideo $true -MediaBitRateKb 2000 -Description "Redmond campus roaming policy"
```

> The command shown in  Example 1 creates a new teams network roaming policy with Identity "RedmondRoaming" with IP Video feature enabled and the maximum media bit rate is capped at 2000 Kbps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command shown in  Example 1 creates a new teams network roaming policy with Identity "RedmondRoaming" with IP Video feature enabled, and the maximum media bit rate is capped at 2000 Kbps.
```

###-------------------------- Example 2 --------------------------
```powershell
PS C:\> New-CsTeamsNetworkRoamingPolicy -Identity "RemoteRoaming"
```

> The command shown in  Example 2 creates a new teams network roaming policy with Identity "RemoteRoaming" with IP Video feature enabled and the maximum media bit rate is capped at 50000 Kbps by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command shown in  Example 2 creates a new teams network roaming policy with Identity "RemoteRoaming" with IP Video feature enabled, and the maximum media bit rate is capped at 50000 Kbps by default.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Identity

> Unique identifier of the policy to be returned.
> If this parameter is omitted, then all the meeting policies configured for use in your organization will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unique identifier of the policy to be created.
```

> If this parameter is omitted, then all the meeting policies configured for use in your organization will be returned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
